[DOC] Some minor typos fixed in tutorials (#2917)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/sam_file/index.md

# Introduction

SAM files are used to store pairwise alignments between two (biological) sequences. There are also other output formats,
like BLAST, which can store sequence alignments, but in this tutorial we will focus on SAM/BAM files.
In addition to the alignment, these formats store information such as the start positions or mapping qualities.
SAM files are a little more complex than sequence files but the basic design is the same.

> If you are new to SeqAn, we strongly recommend doing the tutorial \ref tutorial_sequence_file first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to SeqAn, we strongly recommend completing the tutorial \ref tutorial_sequence_file first.
```

With that information do the following:
  * Filter the alignment records and only take those with a mapping quality >= 30.

>     (Take a look at the tutorial \ref sequence_file_section_fun_with_ranges for a reminder of how to use views on files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Take a look at the tutorial \ref sequence_file_section_fun_with_ranges for a reminder about using views on files)
```

or `on`

`of` is more a reminder that there are views on files
`on`/`about` also implies that there are more information to be found

\snippet doc/tutorial/sam_file/sam_file_writing.cpp main

Note that this only works because in the SAM format **all fields are optional**.

> So if we provide fewer fields when writing, default values are written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we provide fewer fields when writing, default values are written.
```
